this is the guitar lesson for Jimmy
Buffett's Cheeseburger in Paradise from
guitar made easy calm this is a special
request lessenberry this one's for you
bro hope you like it alright so first
things first make sure your guitar is in
standard tuning
so I'm starts off like this it goes B
minor a B minor G B minor hey Dee
all down strums once again
okay and that's the intro of the song
now the verse is very simple the verse
is just a couple chords and I'll show
you right now that the verse goes like
this goes
ok so it's G
gee
gee a
okay strumming pattern for that is this
it's
okay so down
down mute
okay and that's the strumming pattern I
use for basically the entire song okay
so just remember keep on using that
strumming pattern even for the
pre-chorus the chorus and just
everything in the song okay so the
pre-chorus goes like this it goes but it
not a head someone or full of dreams
that's the vocals so you can figure out
where this part goes but it goes
and then it goes into Cheeseburger in
Paradise
so that was the pre-course okay so once
again a B minor G G
to
Hey
not bad okay go into the course
Cheeseburger in Paradise alright so we
go
Hey
okay and that's the chorus
the course is very similar to the verse
of the song if you haven't noticed
already and then when we reset and go
into the next verse we have so B minor a
then D twice
okay and that is the entire song the
only change is at the very end that
final chorus what you'll hear is it'll
go like this it'll go
and the last line so I just played GA d
three times and on the last line over we
go TD ad when we play that three times
through
okay so cuz
all right so I played that three times
true G dat okay really not a hard song
really fun song to play fun someone can
sing along with as well so definitely
give it a try let me know what you think
please subscribe to my channel follow me
on Twitter like me on Facebook if you
haven't already please check out my top
secret guitar tips from my secret guitar
tips com I got all kinds of great tips
in there for you to stick with your
guitar playing to motivate you and to
keep you at your best
and if you haven't checked it out
already as well
please go to teach me guitar guitar made
easy calm where I will show you how to
play guitar the way I learned how to
play so alright guys I will see you in
the next Qatar lesson thanks